richNotifications Page update for mv3 (#6582)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/richNotifications/index.md

displayed in the system tray.

{% Aside %}

> **Platform difference:** The priority setting does not affect the order of notifications in Chrome version 59+ on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Platform difference:** The `priority` setting does not affect the order of notifications in Chrome 59 or later on macOS.
```

the `options` parameter:

```js
chrome.notifications.create(id, options, creationCallback);
await chrome.notifications.create(id, options);
```

The [notifications.NotificationOptions][4] must include a [notifications.TemplateType][5], which
defines available notification details and how those details are displayed.

{% Aside %}

**Consider integrating with GCM!**

> [Keep your users informed][6] all the time, even

Reviewer 2: Should we still keep this but just link to the chrome.gcm API?
